feat: git-merge-pr promotion step (#3958)
akuity/kargo: docs/docs/50-user-guide/60-reference-docs/30-promotion-steps/git-merge-pr.md

## Examples

### Basic Usage

In this example, a pull request is merged immediately if it's ready. If the pull
request is not ready to merge (e.g., due to pending checks or conflicts), the step
will fail.

```yaml
steps:
- uses: git-merge-pr
  config:
    repoURL: https://github.com/example/repo.git
    prNumber: 42
```

### Merge with Wait

This example demonstrates merging a pull request with waiting enabled. If the pull
request is not immediately ready to merge, the step will return a running status and
Kargo will retry it later.

```yaml
steps:
- uses: git-merge-pr
  config:
    repoURL: https://github.com/example/repo.git
    prNumber: 42
    wait: true
```

### Explicit Git Provider

In some cases, `git-merge-pr` cannot determine the Git provider from the `repoURL` alone,
such as with self-hosted GitLab instances. In these cases, you can explicitly specify

> the provider:

Reviewer: It feels awkward that's we're calling out GitLab specificall here. It's true of course, but this is really a problem for any of the supported Git hosting platforms when they are self-hosted, so calling out GitLab specifically feels as if it has the unintended effect of de-emphasizing the ubiquity of the problem.

Author: I tried to use this example to keep things consistent with how the [git-open-pr documentation addresses it as a Custom Git Provider](https://docs.kargo.io/user-guide/reference-docs/promotion-steps/git-open-pr#custom-git-provider)
Should I reword it there as well?

---
sidebar_label: git-merge-pr

> description: Merges a specified open pull request.

Reviewer: "Specified open" just doesn't sound right. We can ditch one word or the other and I don't think the meaning will be any less clear.

```suggestion
description: Merges an open pull request.
```

---

# `git-merge-pr`

> `git-merge-pr` merges a specified open pull request. This step commonly follows a
> [`git-open-pr` step](git-open-pr.md) or can be used independently to merge existing
> pull requests.

Reviewer: "or can be used independently to merge existing pull requests" may technically be true, but I think it feels like an invitation to all sorts of bizarre scenarios. Who or what would have opened that PR? We know that the ideal is that Kargo implements the entirety of one's promotion process. I just want our language to not open the door to things we don't recommend.

```suggestion
`git-merge-pr` merges an open pull request. This step commonly follows a
[`git-open-pr` step](git-open-pr.md).
```

## Configuration

| Name | Type | Required | Description |
|------|------|----------|-------------|
| `repoURL` | `string` | Y | The URL of a remote Git repository. |
| `provider` | `string` | N | The name of the Git provider to use. Currently `azure`, `bitbucket`, `gitea`, `github`, and `gitlab` are supported. Kargo will try to infer the provider if it is not explicitly specified. |
| `insecureSkipTLSVerify` | `boolean` | N | Indicates whether to bypass TLS certificate verification when interfacing with the Git provider. Setting this to `true` is highly discouraged in production. |
| `prNumber` | `integer` | Y | The pull request number to merge. |

> | `wait` | `boolean` | N | If `true`, the step will return a running status instead of failing when the PR is not yet mergeable. The merge will be retried on the next reconciliation until it succeeds or times out. Default is `false`. Note: The `wait` option is unreliable for repositories hosted on Bitbucket due to API limitations. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `wait` | `boolean` | N | If `true`, the step will return a running status instead of failing when the PR is not yet mergeable. The merge will be retried on the next reconciliation until it succeeds or times out. Default is `false`. Note: The `wait` option is unreliable for repositories hosted by Bitbucket due to API limitations. |
```

I would also link to docs about timeouts here.

## Examples

### Basic Usage

In this example, a pull request is merged immediately if it's ready. If the pull
request is not ready to merge (e.g., due to pending checks or conflicts), the step
will fail.

```yaml
steps:
  - uses: git-merge-pr
    config:
      repoURL: https://github.com/example/repo.git
      prNumber: 42
```

### Merge with Wait

This example demonstrates merging a pull request with waiting enabled. If the pull
request is not immediately ready to merge, the step will return a running status and
Kargo will retry it later.

```yaml
steps:
  - uses: git-merge-pr
    config:
      repoURL: https://github.com/example/repo.git
      prNumber: 42
      wait: true
```

### Custom Git Provider

This example demonstrates specifying a custom Git provider for `git-merge-pr`. This
is useful when the provider cannot be inferred from the `repoURL`, such as with

> self-hosted GitLab instances.

Reviewer: Please figure out how to reword this or even drop this section entirely.

This is _purely_ for instructing Kargo on what kind of provider it's interfacing with when that cannot be inferred. The world "custom," however, strongly implies this is for using providers that aren't otherwise supported, which is not the case.

:::warning
The `wait` option is unreliable for repositories hosted by Bitbucket due to API limitations.
:::

## Output

| Name | Type | Description |
|------|------|-------------|
| `commit` | `string` | The ID (SHA) of the merge commit created after successfully merging the pull request. Typically, a subsequent [`argocd-update`](argocd-update.md) step will reference this output to learn the ID of the commit that an applicable Argo CD `ApplicationSource` should be observably synced to under healthy conditions. |

## Examples

### Basic Usage

In this example, a pull request is merged immediately if it's ready. If the pull
request is not ready to merge (e.g., due to pending checks or conflicts), the step
will fail.

```yaml
steps:
- uses: git-merge-pr
  config:
    repoURL: https://github.com/example/repo.git
    prNumber: 42
```

### Merge with Wait

This example demonstrates merging a pull request with waiting enabled. If the pull
request is not immediately ready to merge, the step will return a running status and
Kargo will retry it later.

```yaml
steps:
- uses: git-merge-pr
  config:
    repoURL: https://github.com/example/repo.git
    prNumber: 42
    wait: true
```

> ### Explicit Git Provider
> 
> The following example demonstrates how to specify a Git provider for
> `git-merge-pr`. This is useful when the provider cannot be inferred from the
> `repoURL`. For example, if the repository is hosted on a self-hosted GitLab
> instance, the provider must be specified as `gitlab`.
> 
> ```yaml
> steps:
> - uses: git-merge-pr
>   config:
>     repoURL: https://gitlab.example.com/example/repo.git
>     provider: gitlab
>     prNumber: 123
>     wait: true
> ```

Reviewer: I know there was previous discussion about this section. I hadn't liked "custom," and you did change that. Thank you.

Few things...

I now realize the original title and text of this section came from existing docs for the `git-open-pr` step. I don't like "custom" there any more than I like it here, for the same reasons, it sounds like something it isn't.

The example used here (and there) is also not a great one. The URL has "gitlab" in it, so Kargo actually would have no trouble inferring the provider, making it unnecessary to be explicit about it in this case. It would be necessary for something like `https://source-control.example.com/example/repo.git` because the URL contains no hint at all as to what platform hosts the repo.

Anyway... I've decided on a "less is more" approach. I think the table higher up on this page adequately describes the `provider` option. Let's remove this entire section please, and please do the same for the existing `git-open-pr` docs.

🙏 

```suggestion
### Explicit Git Provider

The following example demonstrates how to specify a Git provider for
`git-merge-pr`. This is useful when the provider cannot be inferred from the
`repoURL`. For example, if the repository is hosted on a self-hosted GitLab
instance, the provider must be specified as `gitlab`.

```yaml
steps:
- uses: git-merge-pr
  config:
    repoURL: https://gitlab.example.com/example/repo.git
    provider: gitlab
    prNumber: 123
    wait: true
```
```
